# Array

## 1. Set Matrix Zero

[Set Matrix Zero](/Arrays/Medium/setMatrixZero.md)
-- 1. use Int.Min in place zero then replace
-- 2. use extraa column and row to maintain zeros

## 2. Pascal Triangle

[Pascal Triangle](/Arrays/Hard/pascal.md)
-- 1. basic rule: n-1Cr-1, from this we can make opne formula like 

## 3. Next Permutation

[Next Permutation](/Arrays/Medium/next_permutation.md)
-- 1. Find first breakout point (fromLast < goingToFirstElement) and then repalce that element and make reverse of rest of elements 

## 4. Kadane's Algorithm

[Kadane's Algorithm](/Arrays/Medium/KadaneORmaxSubArrSum.md)

-- if current sum < 0 then leave and take next element as new sum 

## 5. Sort an array of 0's, 1's and 2's

[Sort an array of 0's, 1's and 2's](/Arrays/Medium/Sort0s1s2s.md)
1. best is ducth notation algorithm
2. otherwise hashing (will not maintain ordering)

## 6. Stock Buy and Sell

[Stock Buy and Sell](/Arrays/Medium/StockBuyAndSell.md)
1. start from last and look for profit for each element

### 7. Rotate Image by 90 degree
- first we have to do tranpose (meaning row to column and column to row)
- then reverse each row

### 8. Merge Overlapping Sub-intervals
- first sort array 
- then start merge (just remember check full range because it can into single value as well)

### 9. Find the duplicate in an array of N+1 integers
1. Use hashmap 
2. use sum technique (n*(n+1))/2 n will maximum or (arr.count) element then minnus total of array 

### 10. Find the repeating and missing numbers
1. use hashmap and then minus with total sum as we did above for #9

### 11. Count inversions in an array
--


### 12. Search in a 2 D matrix
- given: The elements of each row are sorted in non-decreasing order
- so compare each row that serach item exit in b/w then check for that row only and skip other data 


### 13. Implement Pow(x,n) | X raised to the power N
1. Normal looping 
2. binary method ... divide by /2


### 14/15.Majority Element (>n/2 times) and Majority Element (>n/3 times)
- use hash map and calcualte 

### 16. 2Sum Problem
- by using Hash 


### 17. 4-Sum Problem (HARD)
--

### 18. Longest Consecutive Sequence
- using hashamp (100, 109, 4,2,3,1) ans: 1,2,3,4 -- total len = 4

### 19. Largest Subarray with K sum
-- work with hashmap, and if already exist not over write dictionary values again


### 20. Length of Longest Substring without any Repeating Character
- with hashmap (example: xyaabcdxayz -- 7)
- put blank check
- udapte start poistion and keep always maximum




 



